we're in Hyderabad outside as you can
see a very very improvident park out
here Sania Mirza is with us and we're
ready to flag off the five-game
walkathon for the any TV near
mile-marker sports fitness city contest
hyderabad as you can see is seemingly
subsisted jaga our couch technique is a
lot Samir Sonia would you like to flag
off I will try to give it in writing but
for the moment can I ask you please to
just give her the mic and ask her to
just flag it off for us
so as you can see we have started kajori
hyderabad is all ready for some activity
there are a lot of people out here and
I've got Sonia here with me and I like
to ask her how do you see this fight
game walk you're not used to walking for
five kilometres that's all fit Hyderabad
is we're going to have to not know we're
gonna have to walk can we head you know
Chandigarh or Mumbai is a complete can I
take a walk so it's back to you kajori
the flag off has happened Hyderabad is
ready to be called the fittest city in
all of India India's number one user
just got even better download any TVs
new happy fully optimized for Retina
display
full screen view
faster response time
amsatou cold
NDTV's new ipad album
Dumble now